(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Jarvis!
JARVIS: (DISTORTED) Welcome home, sir.
FURY: You think you're
the only superhero in the world?
Mr. Stark, you've become part
of a bigger universe.
You just don't know it yet.
Who the hell are you?
Nick Fury, Director of S.H.I.E.L.D.
Suspect on northbound train.
In pursuit.
Train's heading for a tunnel up ahead.
COULSON: Mr. Fury, this is Agent Coulson.
Uh, I'm still here at the Blockbuster.
And, uh, where'd everybody go?
FURY: I was never one
to believe in aliens...
but I can't unsee that.
Official S.H.I.E.L.D. activity.
Stay back.
KELLER: We can't trust anyone.
Not even our own men.
CAROL: Nicholas Joseph Fury.
FURY: Everybody calls me Fury.
Not Nicholas. Not Joseph. Not Nick.
Just Fury.
Excellent work, Nicholas.
Was it something I said?
FURY: Been riding a desk
trying to figure out
where our future enemies are coming from.
Never occurred to me
they would be coming from above.
Deploy ballistic warheads.
FURY: Hey.
Is this normal, like, space turbulence?
Pretty much.
(ALL SCREAMING)
Okay.
Good kitty.
That was a close call,
huh, Goosey? (LAUGHS)
Those bad guys
still in there somewhere?
-(SNARLS)
-Ow! Mother Flerken!
COULSON: So, is it true?
That the Kree burned your eye out...
I will neither confirm nor deny
the facts of that story.
Understood.
(PURRING)
FURY: We have no idea what other
intergalactic threats are out there.
S.H.I.E.L.D. alone can't protect us.
We need to find more heroes.
At ease, soldier!
I'm here to talk to you
about the Avenger Initiative.
Sir. I'm gonna have to ask you
to exit the donut.
WORLD SECURITY COUNCIL: You're going to
leave the fate of the human race
to a handful of freaks.
FURY: These people may be isolated,
unbalanced even,
but I believe with the right push
(GROANS)
they can be exactly what we need.
Agent Coulson is down.
These were in Phil Coulson's jacket.
The idea was to bring together a group
of remarkable people.
See if they could become
something more.
See if they could work together
when we needed them to.
To fight the battles that we never could.
Phil Coulson died still believing.
In heroes.
-Sir.
-Agent Hill.
HILL: Those cards,
they were in Coulson's locker,
not in his jacket.
They needed the push.
ROGERS: You think Fury's hiding something?
STARK: He's a spy. He's "the" spy.
His secrets have secrets.
FURY: You're wrong about me.
I do share.
I'm nice like that.
This is Project Insight.
Three next-generation helicarriers
synced to a network
of targeting satellites.
We'll neutralize a lot of threats
before they happen.
The punishment
comes after the crime.
We can't afford to wait that long.
This isn't freedom. This is fear.
Society's at a tipping point
between order and chaos.
We're gonna give it a push.
FURY: It's stuff like this
that gives me trust issues.
-(GUNSHOTS)
-(GROANS)
Don't trust anyone.
HILL: They're initiating launch.
I can bring order to the lives
of seven billion people.
TECH: Sat link coming online now.
By sacrificing 20 million.
PIERCE: (ON RADIO) We are go to target.
TECH: All targets assigned.
Fire when ready.
ROGERS: Why all the secrecy?
HILL: Any attempt on his life
had to look successful.
I wasn't sure who to trust.
If you want to stay ahead
of me, Mr. Secretary,
you need to keep both eyes open.
S.H.I.E.L.D. COMPUTER:
Alpha level confirmed.
Safeguards removed.
ROGERS: S.H.I.E.L.D.'s compromised.
You said so yourself.
We're not just
taking down the carriers.
We're taking down S.H.I.E.L.D.
HYDRA,
S.H.I.E.L.D.,
it all goes.
Been data mining HYDRA's files.
Looks like a lot of rats
didn't go down with the ship.
I'm headed to Europe tonight.
Anybody asks for me,
tell them they can find me, right here.
I see a suit of armor around the world.
Artificial intelligence.
You never even hesitated.
ULTRON: I'm here to help.
-Ultron.
-In the flesh.
Ultron.
FURY: The guy is multiplying
faster than a Catholic rabbit.
Look at me and tell me
you're going to shut him down.
You're not the director of me.
I'm not the director of anybody.
Here we all are with nothing but our wit
and our will to save the world.
ROGERS: What are you gonna do?
I don't know.
Something dramatic, I hope.
Nice, right?
Pulled her out of mothballs
with a couple of old friends.
She's dusty, but she'll do.
Incoming!
Oh, God!
ROMANOFF: Nothing lasts forever.
Trouble, Ms. Romanoff.
No matter who wins or loses,
trouble still comes around.
THOR: No!
Oh, no.
Mother...
MAN: After The Blip, when you came back,
you were different.